1.write this lesson as a model eliciting activity(MEA) lesson.
2.write a short story that I can give to the students to read and it allows them to practice the same concept. write it for a 5 year old.
3.I have two special needs students in my class. Can you help me integrate UDL strategies and how I can adjust this lesson? 
4.Some of my students are ready for deeper thinking. Can you add an extension task where they design their own science fair judging challenge for another class? 
5.My students love music and movement. Please create an activity that combines singing 'Five Little Ducks(Title)' with actions and counting combinations that make 5. 
6.Create a quiz with 5 questions (2 easy, 3 challenging, kindergarten-appropriate).
7.I am having students do this tutorial at home. Write a lesson to use in the classroom to use after they have done the tutorial. 
8.Create exit ticket questions aligned to this lesson.
9.Give UDL recommendations including engagement, representation, and expression.
10.write a short letter to parents to tell them what we are studying about and give them couple activities they can do at home. do not assume they know how to teach or know math.
11.Create homework datasets related to this lesson that students can use .
12.I have two students that are English language learner and does not speak English very well. Can you add an ELL support section to this lesson? 
13.Some students are good with basic percentages but don’t know how to estimate future population growth. Can you provide scaffolding questions that walk them through this with school-age data? 
14.Narrow this lesson to strengthen only benchmark MA.K.NSO.1.1 .
15.I have a student who is blind. Give specific strategies to teach this lesson accessibly.
16.Create a grade level reading text that uses frequent words from Dolch Fry list. Bold those words.
17.Generate a quiz for this lesson that focuses only on benchmark MA.6.DP.1.2.
18.Create me a game to practice this topic after I teach the lesson. 
19.I have two students that are ahead and already know this benchmark. Give me couple ideas to have them work on to extend what they know.
20.Provide a parent communication letter aligned to this lesson, explaining the learning goals.
21.create flash cards for this lesson. 
22.Convert this lesson to a model eliciting activity.
23.Suggest classroom activities and homework assignments aligned to this lesson and benchmark MA.K.NSO.1.2.
24.create a new lesson plan for low iq students who cant understand counting numbers.
25.You are an expert in Cognitive Guided Instruction (CGI). What strategies can I include for this lesson modeled after CGI? Provide me some problems for the students to solve that will employ CGI.  Also provide me with guidance on what questions to ask to ensure I using CGI Principles. 
26.Generate assessment questions for this lesson.
27.Create a worksheet for my students to test their skills.